Hello they're in the last review.
They've set up the logic for our lot in component in this we will be designing the layout or in pitch.
Now let's open up our text editor and open in component.
TMF
here with next our message inside a container which is position in the center of the screen.
This container would be only resetter only if we use the screen.
It's larger than large
here.
We've created the cart below the message.
If the heading teks not inside
here we've created the lot inform this long form is pretty much similar to the registration form that
we did a few weeks ago.
And we do have set up the design lay out for our line pitch in the next video we're setting up the authentication
grps for angular app.